
Nine Worlds 2017
Contract For Exhibitor Space
August 4-6 2017 • Novotel London West
1 Shortlands, London W6 8DR

Contract between the company or person to whom this invoice is addressed (“The Exhibitor”) and Nine Worlds Ltd

1. Directory Listing Information

We may publicise the Exhibitor's attendance at Nine Worlds using the information you provided in your initial application for exhibitor space.

2. Table Details

Your confirmed tables are listed in the invoice order lines above.

3. Adult Material

If you wish to display or sell adult material, you must make Nine Worlds aware no later than two weeks prior to the opening of Nine Worlds 2017, and may not proceed with the display or sale of such materials without confirmation by email from our vendor liaison. If any Exhibitor is found to have undisclosed adult material on display, this may result in cancellation of their Exhibitor space without refund. Any Exhibitor intending to display adult material on their table must abide by the rules as advised by Nine Worlds and the Vendor team. A copy of the rules must be signed by the Exhibitor of any table displaying adult material, and returned to Nine Worlds . Failure to return the signed rules may result in cancellation of the Exhibitor space without refund.

4. Sales of Food And Beverages

Any sales or distribution of food and/or beverages must be agreed with Nine Worlds. The contract we have with the venue is very strict. Note especially that sales or distribution of canned drinks are not permitted in any circumstances. If an Exhibitor fails to abide by this clause, this may result in cancellation of their table without refund. They may also be liable for any corkage charged to Nine Worlds by the venue. If Nine Worlds have agreed that the Exhibitor can sell food and/or beverages, the Exhibitor must request a disclaimer by emailing vendors@nineworlds.co.uk, and return it to Nine Worlds no later than two weeks prior to the opening of Nine Worlds 2017. Failure to return the signed disclaimer may result in cancellation of the Exhibitor space without refund.

5. Sales and Display of Copyrighted Materials

Exhibitors may not play or permit the playing or performance of, or distribution of any copyrighted material at Nine Worlds 2017 unless they have obtained all necessary rights and paid all required royalties, fees or other payments. Failure to abide by this clause may result in cancellation of the Exhibitor space without refund.

6. Security

No overnight security is provided within the vendor hall, but the hall will be locked securely after the appointed closing time each day.

7. Liability

Whilst Nine Worlds will endeavour to protect property whilst on display at Nine Worlds 2017, the management of the premises and Nine Worlds cannot accept liability for any loss or damage sustained or occasioned from any cause whatsoever, save that nothing in this Contract shall be deemed to limit the liability of any person for death or personal injury caused by negligence. Exhibitors will be responsible for all damage to property and for any loss or injury caused by them or their employees agents or contractors and will indemnify Nine Worlds against all claims and expenses arising therefrom. In the event of it being necessary for any reason whatsoever (including but not limited to the premises being or becoming unavailable for any reason whatsoever or the event itself being prevented from taking place due to a reason beyond Nine Worlds’ reasonable control or due to breach of contract by a third party) for the event to be abandoned postponed or altered in anyway in whole or in part, or if Nine Worlds find it necessary to change the dates of the event, Nine Worlds shall not be liable for any expenditure loss or damage incurred by an Exhibitor directly or indirectly arising from that change. Nine Worlds shall not be liable to any Exhibitor: (a) for any purely economic loss for consequential or indirect losses or for any loss of profit or opportunity; or (b) for any loss which they themselves are unable to recover from any third party (in circumstances where it was the act omission negligence or default of that third party which gave rise to the claim against Nine Worlds) or from any insurer (where the claim is insured); or (c) for any loss exceeding a sum equal to the total of such sums (excluding Value Added Tax) as the Exhibitor may have actually paid under this Agreement at the time the claim is so made.

8. Insurance

Exhibitors need to consult their insurers to ensure they are fully covered against all risks at the event. The following insurances should be considered:

ABANDONMENT INSURANCE:
Exhibitors should note that Nine Worlds are not obliged to return any monies paid for space in the event of cancellation or restriction of the event.
STANDS/FIXTURES AND SIMILAR INSURANCE:
All Risks on loss or damage to Exhibitor’s property fixtures fittings and all other property of a similar nature such as personal property of directors, principals and employees whilst on the Premises and transit risks to and from the event.
PUBLlC LIABILITY:
Liability to the public may arise out of the Exhibitors' activities and must be covered by insurance. Insurance should be effected with the minimum delay.

All exhibitors must provide copies of their public liability insurance certificates to Nine Worlds on arrival at the event. Failure to provide a copy of the Exhibitors' public liability insurance certificate in a timely manner may result in cancellation of the Exhibitor space without refund.

9. Timetable

Nine Worlds will provide exhibitors with a final timetable for arrival; load in and setup; opening; closing; lockup; load out; and vacate, at least two weeks prior to the opening of the event. The currently assessed times are:

Friday 4th August 2017
--------------------------
Load in and setup - 10am to 12.30pm
Opening hours - 1pm to 6pm
Lockup and load out - 6pm to 7pm

Saturday 5th August 2017
--------------------------
Load in and setup - 9am to 10am
Opening hours - 10am to 6pm
Lockup and load out - 6pm to 7pm

Sunday 6th August 2017
--------------------------
Load in and setup - 9am to 10am
Opening hours - 10am to 4pm
Lockup and load out - 4pm to 7pm

10. Failure to vacate

lf the Exhibitor should fail to remove all their property or otherwise fail to vacate the event premises by the time required by Nine Worlds due to any cause whatsoever, the Exhibitor shall be fully responsible for any penalties imposed by the owners of the Premises or any other losses and costs incurred by Nine Worlds as a result of the Exhibitor failing to vacate the premises by the agreed time. Without prejudice to any other right or remedy of Nine Worlds, Nine Worlds may remove any property of the Exhibitor left at the venue by the Exhibitor after the said time and the costs of such removal shall be paid by the Exhibitor to Nine Worlds on demand.

11. Assignment of Exhibitor space

Exhibitor space assignment notifications will be sent out at least two weeks prior to the opening of the event, along with any other necessary documents regarding the space.

12. Fire Safety In the Venue

All Exhibitors at Nine Worlds Geekfest MUST attend at least one of the fire safety briefings held by Nine Worlds management on behalf of the Novotel Hotel. Failure to do so may cause Nine Worlds to cancel your table, and any and all payments would be forfeit.

13. Contract and Payment Terms

This invoice represents the full amount agreed and forms a contract in itself. The Exhibitor must make payment of the invoice within 14 days of receipt.

14. Exhibitor Cancellation

Cancellation: Generally, partial cancellation of Exhibitor space is not permitted. Any partial cancellation must have the prior written consent of Nine Worlds, which consent shall be in Nine Worlds' absolute discretion. Exhibitors who cancel Exhibitor space more than 90 days prior to the opening day of the Event, will be refunded the total paid, less a £50.00 administration fee. Exhibitors who cancel Exhibitor space less than 90 days prior to the opening day of the Event, but more than 60 days prior to the opening day of the Event, will pay a cancellation fee of 50% of total due. There will be no refunds for cancellations made less than 60 days prior to the opening day of the Event. Exhibitors will be required to make payment as invoiced.

15. Nine Worlds Cancellation

If the Exhibitor fails to make a payment required by this agreement in a timely manner, Nine Worlds may terminate the agreement (and the Exhibitor's participation in the Event) immediately without further notice and without obligation to refund any payments previously made. Nine Worlds reserves the right at its discretion to refuse the Exhibitor permission to move in and set up an exhibit if the Exhibitor is in arrears of any payment due to Nine Worlds. Nine Worlds is expressly authorized (but has no obligation, expressed or implied) to occupy or dispose of any space vacated or made available by reason of action taken under this paragraph in such manner as it may deem best, and without releasing the Exhibitor from any liability here under. Nine Worlds may also terminate this contract effective upon written notice of termination if the Exhibitor breaches any of its obligations under the contract without any obligation, express or implied, on Nine Worlds' part to refund any payments previously made and without releasing the Exhibitor from any liability arising as a result of or in connection with such breach. If Nine Worlds removes or restricts an exhibit which Nine Worlds considers to be objectionable or inappropriate, no refund will be due Exhibitor.

16. Exhibitor Set Up

All Exhibitors must be fully set up to trade 30 minutes before the specified opening time. If any Exhibitor is found not to be set up at the required time, this may result in removal from the hotel and cancellation of the Exhibitor space without refund.

17. Exhibit Space Occupancy

Hours and dates for installing, occupying and dismantling exhibits will be those expressly specified by Nine Worlds in the timetable. If Exhibitor leaves its space unattended during the timetabled hours, Nine Worlds will have the right to take possession of the space and no refund will be due to Exhibitor. All exhibits must be open for business during the Event hours each day of the Event. The exhibitor may not dismantle their display until the Event is officially closed by Nine Worlds on the last day of the Event.

18. Care of Exhibit Facility

All Exhibitors shall promptly pay for any and all damages to the venue spaces or associated facilities, booth equipment or the property of others caused by Exhibitor.

19. Character of Displays: Use of Aisles and Common areas

Distribution of samples and printed matter of any kind and any promotional material is restricted to the allocated exhibit space. All exhibits shall display products or services in a tasteful manner as determined in Nine World’s sole discretion. The aisles, passageways and overhead spaces remain strictly under control of Nine Worlds and no signs, decorations, banners, advertising material or special exhibits will be permitted in any of these spaces except by written permission of Nine Worlds. Uniformed attendants, models and other employees must remain within the space occupied by their employers. Any and all advertising distribution must be made by Exhibitor only from within his or her space. Equipment must be arranged so that show visitors do not stand in the aisle while examining equipment or watching demonstrations. Strolling entertainment or moving advertisements outside of an Exhibitor’s allocated space is prohibited.

20. Storage
There are no storage facilities available within the vendors hall or communal spaces, and Exhibitors are advised to make their own arrangements for removal and storage of packing cases etc. Under no circumstances may packing materials of any kind be left in the aisles or on the stands. All rubbish belonging to or caused by the Exhibitor must be removed and taken off-site by them.

Exhibitors who are placed in communal spaces are welcome to move their stock to the main vendors hall for overnight storage at the appointed closing time on Friday and Saturday. However, any items stored in the vendors hall must be taken back to your table in communal space by 30 minutes before the appointed opening time for vendor sales. If any Exhibitor is found not to have moved their stock at the required time, this may result in removal from the hotel and cancellation of the Exhibitor space without refund.

21. Power

There are plenty of power sockets in the main vendors hall (Bourg), and some tables in communal areas will also have access to sockets. These are free for you to use, as they are part of the standard mains power in conference rooms rather than custom laid for us. We will also endeavour to match Exhibitor requests for power availability to the placement of vendor tables. We will be able to answer further questions about placement of power sockets once we've allocated your table space. However, we cannot *guarantee* power availability for any Exhibitor as we are not paying the hotel for this service.

22. Sound Advertisement

The use of devices for mechanical reproduction of sound or music is permitted, but must be controlled and Nine Worlds must be made aware before the Event. Sound of any kind must not be projected beyond the exhibit table. Exhibitors are specifically prohibited from employing any carnival-type attraction, animal or human, or from operating such noise-creating devices as bells, horns or megaphones. Nine Worlds reserves the right to determine sound interference with others and the Exhibitor shall comply with any request by Nine Worlds to discontinue any such sound or music.

23. Nine Worlds Code of Conduct

All Exhibitors and their staff agree to abide by the Nine Worlds code of conduct, which is published on the Nine Worlds website at https://nineworlds.co.uk/anti-harassment-policy. While exhibitors are on site for Nine Worlds 2017 the Code of Conduct must be followed at all times. Anyone found to be disregarding the code can be ejected from the Event without refund. If you have issues with an attendee please contact your vendor liaison, who will deal with the matter appropriately.

24. Law and Jurisdiction

This contract is governed by English law, and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

25. Signatures

This agreement is made by Daniel Johnston, Event Director of Nine Worlds
By paying this invoice, you (the Exhibitor) accept the terms of sale and agreement contained herein
